What's up?
No, nothing.
I just wanted to wake you up.
Yeah, that's it.
Then why are you sneaking off my quilt?
Is Comrade Nian Nian Zhou up?
I'm not allowed in
How dare you two little beasts stop me
I don't want to live anymore, do I?
Who is the little beast scolding?
I'm just angry with these pigs.
The child stopped me and I only pushed a few times
What are you doing here?
I'm here to pick up what's left here
I didn't expect it.
Saw these two kids stealing from your room
I taught a few lessons
They started fighting
I'm going to call the police
Have something to say to the police
Stepmother, stepmother, wake up
Wake up wake up
Wake up, stepmom, I'm fine
stepmother